Okay, i really pushed it this week. 
Its left me both v v happy that i managed to solve the passing reactive data to a nested BSK template but also aware that that problem took loads longer to solve that i had thought it would. 
So, now there is no chance i will finish stuff prod ready this sprint :(
That is a learning for me. 
But at the same time. the stuff i ended up covering is *exactly* what this sprint was about.

What happened then? 
There was an issue i had not forseen that took a long time to solve in a clean way.
So, a good principle for sticking to the sprint 3 as deadline for prod ready initial codebase is: 
only work through the validated areas now. No brand new stuff.

only work through the validated areas now. No brand new stuff

What do i need to do next? 

tidy up the branch i'm on, clean everything as much as is reasonable in the time i allocate. 
Just removing dead code, thinning stuff out, etc
bring over al the demo pages etc. 


Basically the main next things are : 
marketing / comms on what i've done so far - 
This should be polished and clear.

- tidy up what is there 
- sprint summary
- full report / pres slides etc 
- all demos for pres
- make a clear plan for sprint 3 
 
exactly what i am going to do, what 'done' looks like for end of sprint 3. And what is not on that plan.

### tidy up what is there 
- tidy up all the dead component code 
- remove all unused pages etc 
- worker and store dirs - one uniform naming patern and use barrel files 
- refactor the passing reactive data solution - tidy it up
- might be good to just test that shared js i was working on at the end of the last code session


