JCT Shortlist

TLDR: 
Its really good. Honestly Cal has smashed it imo. Its really exciting that were are starting to do this kind of / level of stuff in FE Team.
Its not finished yet. 
Prior to go live: Cal wasn't aware it was going live, we didn't factor in Code Review which we need for this level of technicality of FE code i think, we didn't test internally ahead of go live stage.
Outside of HS/TS, its one of the most technical piece of FE code - because of all the things its doing. We need to approach it with that in mind or it will cause us problems later.

My advice is we need bare min of 2 more days on this to make it maintainable long term.
If we ship as is it wont be easily maintained by others is the team and so we will need me or Cal to work it which i know we've highlighted as something we want to avoid.


Longer : 


UAT to compare
Code in 2 files
**Under 5KB** is ideal - keeps things snappy and maintainable
Currentent template file is 100kbs to so 

Bits Sorted Fri
Big 
split component logic + templates across 4 components now instead of 1.
reactive data fixed to work across components now inc update table state
related - use of multiple lists reduced across codebase.

Others
sort by model
sortby string
sortby number
Sorting bug fixes and algo updates

Things to sort 
thick store as main
built on existing - needs rework
filtering case 
url holding state - do we need different browser storage - do we need cache invalidation with this? 
the data structure being stored - needed reducing down to what is used uses proxy etc



-----

BP JSON: missing new cars not in range
Docs as a high prio 
inc docs re: patterns from AI sessions (scopes/components, what,when,how)
Clarity about how the dev time will go - how it will be used 
Features list with brief for each part
Testing core \_lib code API points (input and output)
Copilot rules 
Codespaces dev containers
Linting Astro files
directives API
v-swiper directives and setup
v-gsap directives

---
whats the next iteration of this that i should be aiming for?
Its just getting what's there working properly. absolutely nothing else beyond that - 
code quality and reliability is the key thing at this point. Not more ideas so much as the best realisation of the code.
Preparing for presentation of where we're at now with the codebase - 'show the software'
'show the software'
Documenting that code. To a high level of quality.
Adding CI/CD in place to manage deploy.
That's it.

----
Clear as day - the purpose now is to 'show the software' on Thursday.
alpha v.01 released Thursday
All working via the (deployed) demo site.
That should be the goal.

1. Finish the current tests.
2. Update the naming from pipe to transform
3. Check BSK-Data BE stuff again
4. Then move on to re-using new transform in BSK-Data FE
5. get Omni Search working again 
6. Sort deployment

That's Tues,Weds,Thurs
