## Notes on Reputation 

- CORS Policy for this route only - on dev site - so that we can avoid hosts file changes
- Flag issue with 1Year vs 3Years and results for these local - results not always working - intermittent
- Hitting the endpoint loads of times for dealership directory page - can we have an endpoint to pass a list of dealer ids to save spamming the endpoint? 
- LocationIds not available in the query params



Notes for Slack Update 

Hi Guys


Reputation API FE Work: Sprint Update

- JCT Dev site is now using the new API endpoints to render summaries, and reviews, data with our internal BSK 2.0 library
- I have used the same architecture built out for BP Static (image below). Thsi means all data fetching is handled off the main thread, improving perf. 
- I have built two variations 
- This validates that we can use the same archiecture across legacy sites and BP Static
- 



1. All building blocks in place for the 'front of the front' of the new codebase,  with a 'happy path' for each part of the front end that will be touched by FE devs.
2. Existing CSS design system values, and tooling for pulling in UX/UI team's Bootstrap variables should work fully with new codebase.

Objectives:**High Level**   

- We will be clear on where BSK is used and where Vue is used, with documented roles.
- All the specifics of using component model will be ironed out, with patterns and code production ready, and with (initial) documentation.

**CSS**  

- Bootstrap properly set up bringing in our existing scss modules, inc cms styles
- Integrate all existing scripts to pull in design tokens from form data
- Refactor of global styles - minimising global css bundle

**JS Framework / JS Lib**  

- BSK 2.0 fully integrated using npm for package management
- BSK global state solution improved for use in Astro
- Additional BSK custom directives created
- Pattern established for converting build time data into reactive client side data

**Refactoring**  

- Everything done so far is production ready and tested as much as is feasible at this stage.