## BP Static

### Prompts

##### CMS Folder Prompt

Your task is to create a new modern, and slick looking, section landing page (aka a hub page).
The page should contain spotlights or cards that link to the sub-folders below that directory. To start with i do not want the sub-folders creating. I just want the section-landing page. Cards / spotlights should include title, v brief synopsis (or sub-title), href (with or without button text), icons. Links can link to made up relative paths for now as this is primarily a web design task - i am looking for high quality static UI that can be iterated on to put in into actual use in the codebase later.
the page should be created under a new directory at src/pages/examples/static/section-landing

As an example use-case for this page, when it is later out into use 
the route that the section-landing template would be used could be  
/about-us, 
and under that dir there might be 
/about-us/history 
/about-us/find-us 
/about-us/meet-the-team

etc And the /about-us page itself would primarily feature spotlights or cards that show some summary data (title, synopsis, list image, etc) for each of these sub-folders

as it is an error page there is scope to make the micro copy fun or interesting
the page should be static. the focus here is on web design
look at these completed pages in the codebase as examples of how the page should be broken up

src/pages/examples/static/dealerships
src/pages/examples/static/news
src/pages/examples/static/offers

The examples are for structure primarily. I want you to create something new with regards to the web design - don't just copy the hero from these for example.

focus on core layout and styling. we will add gsap animation etc later
make sure to leverage bootstrap 5.3 including the included bootstrap 5.3 utility classes and component classes
You can use any font awesome icon including pro icons
focus on simplicity and high quality web design

