## Oli BP Static 


- Change from oli page to put in examples dir 

examples/static/

update colours to be a consistent palate on example page
examples/static/sprint-02-hero
examples/static/sprint-02-offers
examples/static/sprint-02-cta-section


TODO
Rename Natalia's work under sprint-01-homepage
Add about Base Layout slot content should be wrapped in a main tag

Next actions
update colours to be a consistent palate on example page
updating from static data to dynamic data via variables set in front matter in .astro files
If time, can we do any more variations on the nav item hover styles?

----

## Notes for Slack Update 

Hi Guys

## Reputation API FE Work: Sprint Update

### TLDR and Links

- JCT Dev site is now using our new Reputation API endpoints
- Data from endpoints is being used to render: 
  
  reviews summary (group)
  https://jct.dev.cogplatform.co.uk/
  
  multiple review summaries (dealerships)
  https://jct.dev.cogplatform.co.uk/dealership-directory/
  
  multiple reviews / review cards (group)
  https://jct.dev.cogplatform.co.uk/#reputation-reviews
  
  multiple reviews / review cards (dealership)
  https://www.jct600.co.uk/brands/aston-martin/find-us/aston-martin-leeds/1212/dealershipdetails.aspx
  
  multiple reviews / review cards (manufacturer)
  https://www.jct600.co.uk/brands/porsche/#reputation-reviews

### Components

- All variations above are handled with just 2 components
	- bsk-reputation-summary
	- bsk-reputation-reviews
	  
- The code is set up in such a way as to auto-adjust the endpoints that are hit for data based on the presence of simple attributes in the html. 
  
  In this example data will be fetched from the `/api/v1/group/summary`
  
```html

<bsk-reputation-summary></bsk-reputation-summary>
```


In this example data will be fetched from the `/api/v1/dealership/{dealerID}/summary`

```html
<bsk-reputation-summary dealer-id="<%= Dealerships_ID.Text %>"></bsk-reputation-summary>
```

In this example data will be fetched from the `/api/v1/brand/{manufacturer}/summary`

```html
<bsk-reputation-summary manufacturer='<%= Session("brandName") %>'></bsk-reputation-summary>
```

### Configuration

Nearly all of the data fetch logic is abstracted away in the Dispatch Store and Dispatch Worker (see below). It is possible to configure things like the base url and the tagged version without needing to make changes to any of the core code.

For example, after making this one-line change.

```js
reputation.endpointConfig.tag = "v2";
```

All requests to reputation API endpoints will be pointed at tag `/api/v2/group/summary` instead of the default `/api/v1/group/summary`. 
 
 
### Notes on Work Done

- I have used the same architecture as that used in BP Static for fetching and transforming data off the off the main thread.
- We are leveraging the new version of BSK (BSK 2.0). This new version allows us to bring Reputation API components over to all legacy sites, even those that don't use modern tooling / build step.
- The vast majority of the logic is abstracted away in the Dispatch Store and the Dispatch Worker which do not need to be changed for individual sites. This means that the 'engine' behind the components will be transferrable to any COG site. 
- A fairly simple installation, followed by template customisation, will be the only FE tasks required to add the reputation API to COG sites. In terms of skill level needed to add this to COG sites, I think this should be doable by any FE bespoke or build Dev with documentation. 
- I have tested the same code on BP Static and can confirm that the core of the core should work in both COG platform and new world sites with some small changes for the relevant platform.
- Because there are some small differences for each platform, the code can't just be pulled out of BP Static and just dropped in to COG platform 100% as is. The vast majority is interchangeable but it does feels like a point where complexity could arise so we would need to manage it carefully (bit down the line i know but just to flag for discussion).
- I have tried to match JCT's current UI. One small difference is that the UI now has a loading state so as to show stars with a subtle staggered animation. This should reduce layout shift if there is any delay in fetching data as the loading state takes up the same space as when in the loaded state. 


### Feedback on Using the API endpoints and Swagger. 

I just wanted to feedback how good it is to use the new Swagger documentation and the APIs in general. Swagger has been so useful!

- This has allowed me to see exactly what the response for each endpoint would be before the vanilla update was rolled out. I have been able to copy those example responses, add as JSON in my code and work completely decoupled from the needed Vanilla updates for JCT Dev. This is a massive time-saver and reduces complexity of working together.
- Knowing exactly what all the params and validation rules are has meant i have been able to create additional validation in the Front End code where i can surface helpful error messages from within the components. This means the amount of guess work is hugely reduced. Eg if you try to set an incorrect option to query by, it will be caught early and you are directed to valid options are. 


### Requests + Things We Need at This Point

- CORS Policy per route. Please can we look at what options we have to setting the CORS policy for the responses on a route by route basis within the new Proxy? This would be massively helpful if we can do it. More specifically could we look to see if we can have the CORS policy set to allow cross domain from localhost urls just to dev site api endpoints? This would really make the new way of working much more approachable for all the team i think, and would speed up workflows, as we could avoid host file amends for maintenance work. Would be great to see if we can do this ahead of us moving more into the API-driven world :)
- There is an intermittent issue with DateRange=Last1Year not always returning results.
- Because the dealership summary endpoints return data for only a single dealership, we are hitting the endpoints loads of times for /dealership-directory page (59 times per page visit). If we had an endpoint for dealerships where we can pass dealer ids as a comma separated list as value to a query param, i think this might save spamming the endpoints?
- LocationIds - we have an attribute on the current controls on JCT that doesn't seem to link up with the available params? 

```html
<COG:ReputationAPIRepeater runat="server"
....
LocationIDs="A05,40,62,39,37,38,61,36,B06,33,45,63,F05,FERNEWC,49,55,L19,M05,24,20,8,9,50,7,51,G16,25,28,30,12,17,53,RR1,34,45,63,7,51,22,32,11,23,69,66,26,18" />  
```
  
  Our docs suggest these are for dealer ids
  
   "Specifies the dealer ids to load when the PageType is set to Group (use a comma to separate multiple items)."
   
  https://bluebook.dev.cogplatform.co.uk/design/docs/third-party/reviews/reputation/#properties
  
  But these don't map to our dealer ids, or the dealer ids returned from `/api/v1/dealership/list` so im not sure how to implement. 

### Summary and Final Thoughts

- The code is on dev to test now.
- The sprint has gone well overall i think. 
- The new APIs and Swagger docs make things really nice to work with!
- The architecture set up in BP Static for using a store and web worker to abstract complexity and handle data loading off the main thread works here too.
- I think we are going to be in a really good place when it comes to using these patterns and ways of working together with things like Code Weavers. 
  

Objectives:**High Level**   

- We will be clear on where BSK is used and where Vue is used, with documented roles.
- All the specifics of using component model will be ironed out, with patterns and code production ready, and with (initial) documentation.

**CSS**  

- Bootstrap properly set up bringing in our existing scss modules, inc cms styles
- Integrate all existing scripts to pull in design tokens from form data
- Refactor of global styles - minimising global css bundle

**JS Framework / JS Lib**  

- BSK 2.0 fully integrated using npm for package management
- BSK global state solution improved for use in Astro
- Additional BSK custom directives created
- Pattern established for converting build time data into reactive client side data

**Refactoring**  

- Everything done so far is production ready and tested as much as is feasible at this stage.