## BP Static: 

Where do i want to be at by the end of the week? Bearing in mind its a 4 day week.

I want to have the major components used on every build done and ready to use: 

headers, inc navs and dropdowns
footers and all parts
heros : 3x variations min and overlays 

These should be in and ready to use (bar actual data being passed)
I want to have demo pages made up of stuff ready to show for the meeting next week. 
I want a report written up and ready to share and meeting notes on aims and goals worksopping activity

If i spend too log on those focal features, i wont have a lot of time for the other stuff 
If i can get the multi-banner hero and simple full width hero done, then an overlay component with some trigger on load i can use natalia's animation work potentially 

Need to carry on with these heros and have a canonical set 
Need to carry on with headers but maybe leave a second set for after Sam can come on.
Match what we have not too much extra as yet. Only fill in obvious gaps.


heros : 
multi banner finished and in main 
full width created and in main 
overlay with animation from natalia's work - refactor and in main

banners: 
new grid banner - finished inc with fancy box integration 
masonry grid - bring over and add to main - update name

header: 
test examples - refactor broken dropdown tabs
get the ones there working really well
do we need other dropdowns?


footers: 
test and refactor broken


refactor general 
move stuff like bsk-header examples into correct dir 
rename static codebase stuff so its all matching

Issue? 
What to do about this issue with the v-pre??

