New World Sprint 1 - Week 2 

Still have GH Actions workflows to add, to trigger last week's work.
That should be failly easy and doable at teh end of the project.
I am storing up a lot of writing and bits like the GH Actions for the end. Need to plan accordingly.

Focus for the week: 
1. Data loading into Astro templates - finished
    - All data from local content store can be loaded in to the components
    - We have a consistent, and simple API, for loading from our content store into components
    - * Demos to show of pulling this data in and showing on the front end

What do i need to do?

First, i need to read about Astro's new content loader API.
Review what i'd done previously to load data.
Maybe have a go just to pull some stuff in on a page with the new content loader API first.

At this point, i need to think about the API design for loading data on to the pages. 
Ideally i want this to be v easy to use, and to have a shared mental mode with existing CMS API and / or COG controls properties etc. So, its an easy transition to the new codebase.
Also though, i don't want to be too boxed in by the old model(s).

COG looks to be quite a bit smaller piece of work.
CMS is the large one. 

I really need to leverage LLMs to get through the amount of work there is to do.
What is going to be important here is to set up the patterns and make the design very clear, with examples, so i can then automate the roll out of others.



## Astro Docs Read Through Notes

Different parts of their API(s)
Content collections - from a set of data that is structurally similar
### Content Layer API 
- for defining and querying content collections.
- built-in content loaders for your local collections


### TypeScript configuration for collections
Needs setting. Need to review this: https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/content-collections/#typescript-configuration-for-collections
Need this for autocomplete etc 


### Content collections
Has 2 parts. 1 required, 1 optional 
- a loader for a data source (required)
- a schema for type safety (optional)

#### Loaders
2 Built-in loaders: 
- glob(): for data in multiple local files
	- Each entry’s `id` will be automatically generated from its file name
- file(): for multiple items in one file
	- Each entry in the file must have a unique `id` key property
	- Use this loader when your data file can be parsed as an array of objects.

##### Inline Loaders vs Loader objects

Inline loaders
- Must return an array of entries with an id property, or an object with IDs as keys and entries as values

### Collection Schemas

Every data property of your collection entries must be defined using a Zod data type

Give you: 
- property autocompletion
-  errors if any data pulled in doesn't meet the schema - will this cause probs? Not with CMS but maybe with stuff that will change? Basically its prob going to be best to pull in a lot of data / all data and select what's needed in Astro rather than tweaking the interim-API endpoints.

Zod: Key dependency for creating schemas
https://github.com/colinhacks/zod


#### `reference()`
define a relationship from one collection to another
*Is this a way to reference other schema rather than other content?*
*Potential way to link related content like offers etc by tags? Look into this more* 


#### Filtering collection queries

This is going to be useful for creating the data loading API - some pre-made filtering helpers. 

#### getStaticPaths()
Key API for defining pages to build at build time in fully static site.

Call `getCollection()` inside of `getStaticPaths()` to have your collection data available for building static routes
create the individual URL paths using the `id` property: eg `src/pages/posts/[id].astro`
Each page is passed the entire collection entry as a prop
```js
const { post } = Astro.props;
const { Content } = await render(post);
```


#### Content layer lifecycle
- loaders update their own scoped data store, which is preserved between builds.
- The Content Layer API allows data to be cached between builds and is suitable for tens of thousands of content entries.
- If you’re writing a blog that’s hosted in a CMS, you can trigger a build with a webhook whenever you publish a new post. The content layer’s incremental updates should make this build fast.
- The same applies to most e-commerce sites, where a build can be triggered when a product is edited. If you are ok with waiting for the time it takes to deploy the site to publish updates, then content collections are still your obvious choice. You will get the best performance and great developer experience.
- Combine content collections to render the main content, and use an  island for real-time or personalized content.

### Qs and Other Notes
Can i load data outside of src dir now? Maybe this fits better somewhere else? Like a top level content dir? Keep src less busy...

CMS Pages content as main experiment so far with data loading. Initial test with creating an API on top of Astro content collection query API 

