## BP Static 

Define a clear goal for the day. One that is easily achievable and that moves things forwards in a meaningful way. 

Basically., having stuff to demo at the meet is the most impirtant thing at this pint i think.

I am off Monday! So i need to prep for the meeting today!

So, i code but only a little bit. Wrap up what i've started : offers and news 
Then i move over to the meeting prep stuff. No need to over-egg it. Just put together a bit of a review of where we're at, and set up a discussion on aims and goals etc.

### Meeting Notes + Report Planning

Stuff to update on / things to cover 

- brief review of what we've been doing
- review of my time - not solely on this
- reputation api - high level and implications
- working group initial experiments / validating codebase and feedback
- post-experiment - bsk bring overs
- me back on sprint - new workflow for drafting UI


### brief review

where are we at?
we have the early alpha release which covers mainly data duties : data fetch scripts, data loading in astro, build time data handling and bsk-data API, data transform API, initial / early work on front end data handling
now we have 
early contributors and feedback on workign with teh codebase 
some static assets / web design built throug tehse 2 weeks of teaching and validating parts of yteh new codebase
an growing collection of out BSK UI library brought over and ready to hook up to data
the start of new ui components and page tekmplates 

### working group initial experiments

Overall succesful
Done with one maintenance dev without any besp or buold expeirences 
One experinced build dev

What was teh test?
link to brief: https://app.clickup.com/t/86c40x8vc

To build out purley static assets with a focus on web design (hardcoded / not hooked up to data sources)
To note DX feedback to questions and in catch ups

Both able to build: 


### what's next? 

bsk UI lirabry bring over work (static) completed : simple then complex
new ui components and page templates (static) built out 
refactor data fetch and load codebase / tooling post-tech work related to interim end points 
dynamic data: 
bsk UI library components working with dynamic data sources
new ui library components working with dynamic data sources
new page tempkates and related components working with dynamic data sources
custom directive work : gsap and swiper

At this point we will have: 
an early BP 2.0 that can work with different site data sources to built static sites

what wont be covered at this point?


---

working group initial experiments - Feedback 

#### Natalia

What has your experience using BP Static been like?
Overall good. I wouldn’t say that any of my struggles during the week were 
related to understanding codebase or using astro. They were either design 
related or third party related (which I mentioned on Friday).
I don’t think I had hard times to understand astro components after using vue, 
couldn’t say that it’s intuitive but it’s not that hard.
One thing I noticed after going back to maintenance is that with new structure 
of page (everything is broken into components) it’s much easier to navigate / 
find things.
While working on section I didn’t have full understanding of how to structure 
sections in components in terms of how small components should/could be (like 
should I keep button inside of card component of create a separate component 
for it), but I don’t think it would be a question when more things will be rolled 
over from current boilerplate as there will be more examples.

What works particularly well in the new codebase your opinion?
There were 2 things I liked particularly:
No vb, which removes one step of complexity and will keep things more 
clear and organised.
Scoping of css. Not thinking that I will break something somewhere else 
saves time.

Where do you notice particular improvements over our existing 
codebase(s) that you worked on previously?
Work faster on local because don’t need to refresh the page to check changes in
browser. This is a thing I didn’t realise until back to maintenance tasks, the 
impact of page autorefresh on save is big timesaver.

What does the new codebase not work so well? Where could it be easier 
to use / where are improvements needed?
There were a few cases when I wanted to use matchHeights, would be good if 
we could have it unless we want to stop using it.

What bugs did they find?
Not found.

What else would you like to feedback at this point about the new 
codebase?

What is not clear from the current documentation and training?
Clear and understandable.
Didn’t get suggestions for vs code extensions (./.vscode folder is not on github).
Graph/sketch you draw for me to explain the logic behind what folder to put 
new components in (inside page’s _components, features, components) I think it
could be helpful if you add it to docs.

#### Oli

What has your experience using BP Static been like?
It was enjoyable to work in a different way to how we usually work but it took me a while to get more comfortable using it. After spending a week on it, I started to understand how it worked a bit more.

What works particularly well in the new codebase in your opinion?
The way pages are laid out makes them a lot cleaner and having the styles and scripts in each component made for easier editing.

Where do you notice particular improvements over our existing codebase(s) that you worked on previously?
I noticed that the speed when making small changes was a lot faster than the existing codebase. Also the way the pages are structured makes them easier to add/remove different components.

What does the new codebase not work so well? Where could it be easier to use / where are improvements needed?
I couldn't see anything that needed improving once I spent more time working with it.

What bugs did they find?
I didn’t encounter any bugs.

What else would you like to feedback at this point about the new codebase?
I can’t think of anything at the moment.

What is not clear from the current documentation and training?
Everything was clear to me in the documentation and training.

