## Sprint 1 - Slack Channel Update

Hi guys

Things i want to say : 
How many : 
Interim API endpoints 
Time to pull in data in tests
Time to pull in partial data and why this matters
Structure to these 


1. ✅ BP JSON - finished.
    - ✅ All 'endpoints' needed completed in full and returning data in a coherent structure.
    - ❌Any gaps identified eg for future Tech work we might need etc.
    - ❌ Additional notes on API spec for Tech requirements
2. ✅ Data Fetching to Local Static Files - finished.
    - ✅ All endpoint data can be fetched from endpoints - on script run.
    - ✅ All data can be correctly translated into format needed for content store - on script run
    - ✅ All edited data (JSON) stored locally - as flat file content store / db - on script run
    - ❌ GitHub Actions workflows set up to trigger these script runs on POST.
    - ❌ Additional GitHub Actions workflows set up to send the POST req eg on schedule or ❌ workflow dispatch (to mimic any future Tech webhook), etc
3. ✅ Data loading into Astro templates - finished
    - ✅All data from local content store can be loaded in to the components
    - ✅ We have a consistent, and simple API, for loading from our content store into components
    - ✅* Demos to show of pulling this data in and showing on the front end


Additional things built
- New API config pattern to make it easy going forward to update / maintain / extend data fetch scripts 
- A lot of optimisations in data fetching scripts to speed things up a lot at that stage of the process 
- CMS data matches techlabs CMS class structure for easy onboarding and onboarding for devs 
- Full auto-complete implemented for the new data loading API (should make on-boarding FE devs much easier)
- Initial work and example of data filtering and ordering API 
- Initial work on reactive data helper
- Loads of other stuff tbh this is just a sample! :)


Deliverables by the numbers: 
- 34 interim API endpoints built
- In testing, as little as 6.5 seconds to pull in all site and cms with partial stock from (slow) localhost endpoints from in tests
- around 0.5 seconds to pull in partial data (eg to update content store with a full refresh of all cms careers data)
- 14 parts to new data loading API (eg careers, newCars, stock, etc) all finished and fully functional. 

