## Sprint Planning - Natalia

Sprint Goal:
- Validate quickly that others can build with BP Static successfully
- Get valuable feedback on the Developer Experience (DX) at this stage of the codebase's development.
- Start a new collection of UI features that leverage the new features built into BP Static - particularly gsap

Sprint Qs: 
- (main) Can a others in the FE Team successfully build with BP Static at this stage?
- Where are the rough edges? 
- What is missing that's needed to make it easy for FE devs to work with BP Static?
- What kind of assets can we quickly build that leverage BP Static inc GSAP? How quickly can we produce these?

Deliverables
- 1 home page (static) made up of a least 5 sections. The homepage should leverage core dependencies, inc gsap for animations / transitions / motion
- 1 set of feedback notes covering each of the DX research questions
- Backlog list of bugs / items for improvement

DX Research Questions: 
- What has your experience using BP Static been like?
- What works particularly well in the new codebase your opinion? 
- Where do you notice particular improvements over our existing codebase(s) that you worked on previously?
- What does the new codebase not work so well? Where could it be easier to use / where are improvements needed?
- What bugs did they find?
- What else would you like to  feedback at this point about the new codebase?
- What is not clear from the current documentation and training?

Homepage

Sections should include : 
- header
- hero
- used vehicle listing (cards)
- cta section or news listings (cards)
- footer

- Header Nav
	- At least one dropdown section at mobile and desktop should allow use to present data for cms new cars 
	  inspiration / example 'our-cars' on top nav https://www.volvocars.com/uk/l/offers/ex30/ 

- Focal point section - should leverage gsap for interactivity and motion
	- Hero or banner sections within document flow

- Used Vehicle listing - should be built using existing BP vehcile card patterns with: 
	  - swiper JS for carousel using attributes to declaratively set instance properties 
	  - Although the cards exist already it would be good to add some new new (subtle) motion on intersect or interaction with the feature
	    
- News Listing - again, should be built from existing component patterns with the focus being on
	-  Swiper JS for carousel using attributes to declaratively set instance properties 
	- New intercation / transition

- Attention grabber lightbox/ modal with new transition defaults - not Bootstrap defaults
	- Clients often use these on home-page load
	- Use this as an opportunity to create an interesting visual effect on page load

Different types of nav dropdown to handle different content types with more information and previews etc


header nav with 
normal dropdown
mega-menu dropdown option

footer
covering all commonly covered fields 

creative hero section
data - should map on to cms banners fields 
should handle multiple banners content - whether through carousel like behaviour or creative grid layout
should utilise gsap for animations / transitions

cta section
based on existing bp component


spots: 
data - should map on to either 
cms pages / pages for list data points
cms news / news for list data points
cms offers / offers for list data points

The aim here is for a full iteration. To reach that point, all work should be thoroughly tested and production ready by the end of sprint 1.

We judge based on the results

Validate BP Static : 
Qs to answer and feedback on the process of building with BP Static


homepage first - header, footer, hero, cta section and or spots
Bring overs : adding animation to these
Docs read through, feedback and iteration

