Sprint Planning: 

The main focus of this week is supporting Natalia and using her sprint time as DX research.

That should take precedence over my BP Static dev work.

Regular catch ups to support
Pair programming as needed
DX chat and note taking
Report write up after sprint 1

Alongside that, from my own code. I want to ship: 
3 x heros / focal points - static. Finished
Work out bring overs as a prio - can i automate this? 
Look at component upgrades


---

Agenda for sprint call 1 

Lay out how the sprint works
Lay out the most important things:

Shipping Final 
The primary goal for any BP Static Sprint is this: 
Fully finished and tested software, committed to main branch and deployed with shareable URLs by the end of the sprint. 

This should always be the primary goal of the sprint. It should be the primary goal over anything else pretty much.
If the scope has been set to large for the sprint we cut the scope so as to allow us to keep to the primary goal.


Why is this important?
Rather than a 'sprint' it might be helpful to think of an 'iteration' of the BP Static codebase. Its cant be considered an interaction if the code isn't complete, deployed, and in main branch. If the code is buggy or inst the best we can do, then in that iteration has added defects.

One of the reasons why this is so important is that allows people across the team to make an assessment about the extent to which the sprint did or di not meet its goals. To do that we need to look at the software together. Everybody involved needs to be able to do that. Code is complex and even to other devs it can take time to get up to speed. The best way to judge how well the work is going and whether we are on track is for us all to be able to view and interact with working software.

Fully finished software for the end of the sprint. It must as high quality and we can make it, it must be fully tested, and it must be in on a dev link for non-devs to view the working software. The code must be in main branch for the end of Friday following code review.


---

Set our stand-up time daily
Clone repo - test


Docs + Dev Env testing

Add npm i to install deps
Add recommendation extensions to the docs as fallback if .vscode extensions settings not working
Think about order fo docs reading vs coding when first coming on to the project
Add about naming convetions for branches eg feature/static-homepage


First tasks 
- read docs and make notes (inc feedback on the BP Static docs)

Day one 
- Read docs - BP Static and Astro
- Go over the whole repo intro as with others
- Pair on a basic component - markup + styles only?
- Petite Intro? Maybe save for when the stuff is built out...

Day Two - Four
- Building components out
- PR for end of Day 4

Day 5 
- Code Review
- Amends and testing
- DX Questions - write up and feedback


-----
pin and change bg image behind trans PNG of vehicle 

pin and panels 

---
## Questions 


BP Static Docs - highly understandable, no questions

Questions: 
use-cases - 


TODOs

BSK Components vs Vue Components - what are the use cases for both? 
Astro components - 
Add a bit about script tasgs in Astro
.vscode dir is being ignored by git - update this

Clear up pages->features->components flow

