What's next? 

Well, i've written loads about it already. So i already now roughly what to do. 

The transform() function works really well. 

This bit of teh codebase is pretty confused - whicb is understandable as i was just getting stuff working. 

So, lets work out roles clearly for worker and store: 
### worker : 
- fetches data
- transforms data
- holds the full parsed payload
- holds a smaller list of active data
- tracks how many data are in the smaller active data list

#### filters 
- can return all values for a given property - eg model - returns all (unique) models 
- can return all values for a given property filtered by a queryObject - eg returns all (unique) models where manufacturer matches 'Ford'

### Store
- simple proxy controls for fetching the data without the fuss
- inits all the worker relationship stuff with comlink 
- provides a way to access the data in bsk templates and component logic 
- holds a list of active data? Can this be a reference to the worker's list instead?
- ideally provides and interface for full access to the transform function that is on the worker

#### proxy controls 
- you can access worker data - (active list only not full data)
- you can use the worker transform method
- you can increase and decrease the active data list size
- has a very simple interface

#### filters 
- can take a list of all values for a specific property for use as filter options (select options etc)

Can i attach these methods to teh store from the worker with comlink again? 
so you just await the return of the filtered list - we'd need : 
the transform method
another feature to that to specify the only fields you want back

Okay, whats next? 

So, what we do is see first if we can get the worker properties and methods directly accessible on the store. If so, everythign else will be easier. 
Then we try and implement the above .

merge back into sprint-3/bsk-data-fe if successful
