Second week of sprint 3. Last week of the first chunk for BP Static before i bring other people onboard. 

What's most important?
- Getting what is there now as high quality as possible - as bug-free, as clear, as well documented, as possible. 
- Having some sort of a plan i can take to Barbs as to how i think we should do the next bit. 

Breaking it down: 
- code - following Nature of Software Dev (NSD) principles. Keep scope to what is there now. But get each thing as high quality as i can.
- Test and make sure its as free of defects as it can be. This is potentially a bigger thing than i have been considering. - Test whole workflows - cloning the repo locally (what extensions do you need to have installed etc - is there a way to auto-manage this?) , installing modules, switching data sources, pulling data in, building diff page types, pushing those to a server, etc.
- Documentation and  videos.
- Comms: Barbs, Pod A, New World channel, arrange meet, share videos, etc.


Code: 

- filters - really nail this down within context of new transform() 
- transform() - name change from pipe()? , all methods re-implemented in DispatchStore prototype
- test filtering etc with diff data sources - make sure all working correctly
- loads of other stuff under projects. Prios: 
	- new car in range
	- normalise all data loaded via zod
	- tidy up codebase

Testing :
- cloning the repo locally (what extensions do you need to have installed etc - is there a way to auto-manage this?) 
- installing modules
- switching data sources 
- pulling data in
- building diff page types
- pushing those to a server

Documentation and  videos: 
- docs - for all sections - this is a big job - leave 2 days 
- demo videos 

code - 2 day
testing - 1 day 
docs + comms and slack 2 days

