
## BP Static

### Natalia Feedback: 
- It was hard
- Disappointed in myself that it was that hard
- High expectations from myself. Feel it shouldn't be that hard.

####  What made it hard?

Learning a lot of stuff made it hard.
High expectations from myself. Feel it shouldn't be that hard.

Swiper JS API - spent a long time with this.
Moving arrows etc / styling arrows - wasn't satisfied with result.

No designs up front - no mock-ups made it go slowly and made it more difficult
Hero easier because had a clearer end point - even if it was a design to reference
Was easier when having Dribbble designs to reference. 
We don't need finished mock-ups / Figma file but we need bullet points
Need a tighter brief for more junior people. With maintenance experience - the freedom was more difficult.

#### What was learning was difficult? 

- Swiper JS Styling - declarative API for breakpoints causes some delay

## What would help?
- More example components in the codebase to reference eg conditional rendering/ iteration etc
- Should we spend a bit more time with Astro template syntax at the start? Had avoided && and map - should probably cover

#### Core?
How was Astro / BP Static?
Astro is fine - not very challenging
How to do conditional rendering 
#### Deps? 
GSAP was fine generally - some plugins new eg ScrollTrigger
Swiper JS - Shadow DOM styling is tricky

### Takeaways 
Swiper JS - hard to style
Arrows - do we need proxy arrows
GSAP - need learning time? Particularly for plugins



Tasks for final day 

- Browser testing of UI 
- Code quality / refactoring - pair 
- Polish - can we add anything else to what's there now to take it up a notch / add a final level of polish? Eg burger morph or tabs on megemenu 
- Deploy to dev
- PR in
- DX questions / feedback completed 

Extra if time after polish - ?variants - 2 x versions of hero / of gsap timelines if possible 


---

## Code Quality w/ Natalia

X Hero 
News Slider
Mega menu dropdown


General 

We need to move the example static home to examples dir

Renamings - eg NewsSectionarrows

TODOs 
As well as extensions recommendations, need to add json user settings snippet


