# 07-03-23

## Overview

Today is about building. Its about not getting distracted by dms etc and actually getting components done. Weds will be v broken so todya and Thurs v important.

MIT :
Get new components added in to the set!

Next task :
- [ ] Bring all work on ar-test into BSK repo

## Tasks
- [x] Bring all work on ar-test into BSK repo
- [ ] Offers components
- [ ] Hero Banners (not video)
- [ ] Refactor existing
- [ ] Web Scraping Brief
- [x] Follow up with Kate

## Notes

How to bring work over from ar-test to BSK repo?
- Pushes to that repo but only the needed files...
    - new branch that links with sync branch on bluesky-elements
    - Set up new branch and link to track bks-sync branch
- check a sync repo
- merge only the files needed
- push those to the bsk remote

Didn't i do something like this and it didn't work


NOtes :
BP :
elements list
elements paste
elements push
elements pull


BSK :
elements sync

Process :

## How to add latest components from bluesky-elements to BP ahead of a PR
On BP, after creating your new branch run `npm run elements 'pull'`
This will bring the latest version of the components directories from bluesky-elements into your current BP branch.
Now you can test the latest components on BP, and when you're ready, raise a PR as normal.

## How to push changes back from BP to bluesky-elements repo
The workflow for component development is to work on bluesky-elements repo, and then bring the changes into BP to test them.
But, if, for whatever reason, you needed to make an edit to a component or its logic while you're working on BP you can still push those changes back to the bluesky-elements repo.
You can do that and run `npm run elements 'push'`
This will push the changes from BP to the bluesky-elements repo in a special 'sync' branch, ready for testing and merging into the bluesky-elements main branch.

## How to check what all the component names are
Before you make a new component, you might need to check what the names of all the existing components are.
You can run `npm run elements 'list'` to get a list of all the component names in the terminal.

## How to quickly turn a snippet of code into a component

Its likley that i you're working on a build you will end up writing code that would be a good case for re-use but that isn't coevred in the core component library. For example, a spotlight that is used in various places on the site.
You can quickly turn any snippet of code wrapped in a template tag into a component by running `npm run elements 'paste'`.
This will automatically add your snippet into the correct directory , ready for use.

An example of the full process :
For this example we'll imagine the build dev had created a spotlight snippet :
`<spotlight></spotlight>`

The next step would be to wrap the snippet in a template tag and give it a name using the bsk-el attribute like this
`<template bluesky-elements=bsk-spotlight"><spotlight></spotlight></template>`

Cut the snippet with ctrl + x

Run `npm run elements 'paste'`

The snippet will then automatically be added into the correct directory , ready for use across the site like this :

`<bsk-spotlight></bsk-spotlight>`


Then you can run npm run elements 'sync'
Then you can run npm run elements 'pull' to pull the changes into the bsk repo
Then you can run npm run elements 'sync' to sync the changes to the bsk-sync repo
