# 05-04-23

Today is about getting the used vehicle pages done on dev. Its a big goal but wortjh a short to keep on track for eow goal for whole site. Also nee to prep for meeting with Kate.

## Next Task
- [ ] Prep for meeting with Kate

## Tasks
- [ ] Prep for meeting with Kate
  - [ ] Feedback on wessex?
  - [ ] Cognition designs - feed in wessex stuff

- [ ] UCR
  - [ ] Set up correct filters
  - [ ] Style these correctly
  - [ ] RWD these
  - [ ] Sort paginations
  - [ ] RWD the whole page

- [ ] UCD
  - [ ] static all components bar tabs
  - [ ] dynamic all components bar tabs
  - [ ] RWD these

## Notes

### Meeting with Kate

Style guide :  https://xd.adobe.com/view/ae691825-dd27-4699-9809-6abcc17231ce-fb3a/
Design : https://xd.adobe.com/view/c7b890fc-eb32-41fc-89f2-4727c8298cfb-92eb/


#### Typography :
margin - just bottom or margin all?
Pls can we use rem not em to keep in line with bs
line height?
Can we pull out the key values for heading that we will set in bs type vars as css form xd not useful in this regard.

$headings-margin-bottom:
$headings-font-family:
$headings-font-style:
$headings-font-weight:
$headings-line-height:
$headings-color:

expliict font sizes and font family
*issue with line-height on wessex at 1.8

#### Spacing
Wessex 10px not small enough for lowest spacing level - can we make sure we have one smaller than this on the scale
Are buttons matched to this spacing scale?

#### Borer radius
If only using the two sizes can we make explicit which should override which bs var?
$border-radius:
$border-radius-sm:
$border-radius-lg:

#### Components
pages 1 -5 - no content?

#### Btn group
vertical variation looks a bit out possibly?

#### Cards
Did we get a decision with Lauren on future dev work re: card and carousels?

#### List Group and Modals
Are we using these as designed here in the current design? Eg modals look like this?
Eg AI image overlay border-raidus is at 10px, but set as 4px on the modal component? or is this diff component?

#### Progress Bar
If we are only using custom do we need these other ones?
Can we add not to rm from the lib we ship instead

### tooltips
font sizings 14px and 16px?
Can we have examples of icon to action from design - icon / tooltip states would be useful to pull out here.

#### Tables
Will rm all other variants to reduce lib size?

##### General qs
###### Design dashboard
- Upload buttons : is this a button component? Is this style used throughout the site? If so can we add to the style guide? MIght be helpful to have in there?
###### upload imagery
- button click tooltip -> pull out as component for styleguide if used throughout site
- seems like small circle with icon is a motif? Component?
###### Step 2 imperfections
- tooltip - doesn't seem to match those in style guide?
###### Uploader imperfction details
- the tags component - can we link to bs component? or add thi sto style guide as its used throughout the site?
###### Blur Images
- the custom selectable cards - can we pull out into the styleguide with the default and selected states? eg also used on ai image generated step 2

### Side notes
icons to script - pull out for js inport and css import for use in stylesheets