# 24-05-23

Today is about : getting the footer as far along as poss. Ideally get static versions of at least 3 versions of the footer in draft.
I need to sort out the clikcup board more. This might be an ongoing task rather than something to 'finish' today. It needs regulary maintanenace. Perhaps split time, bigger chunk daily for now until its right, then bit less for daily maintanence.

## Next Task
- [ ] Footers

### Sub Actions
- [ ] Query font size with Kate
- [x] Query spacings for BP
- [ ] Alignment queries
  - [ ] on quicklinks diff on standard - can we have this same as on alt and 4 col so its easier to build
  - [ ] container standardisation alt vs standard vs 4 col
  - [ ] tweak consistency eg tel font size standard and alt?

## Tasks
- [ ] Footer statics
  - [x] Standard
  - [ ] Alt
  - [ ] 4 col
  - [ ] Centred

- [x] Add Clickup tasks and prios from yester with Barbs
- [ ] Clickup board maintenance
- [ ] Add daily maintenance task to my schedule
- [ ] Chase PRs
- [ ] CU Board flow mermaid diagram inc tagging and prio flags after assess

## Notes
- clickup forms and clickup rest api - make a poss alt to using val town for holding css vars data.
- Daily scheduled task clickup board maintenance


## Meeting with Kate :

### Agenda :

#### K

- [x] 1. Go through ones putting on
- [x] 2. Process for master components to build
- [x] 3. Ones used - arey are applicable

#### A Queries

- [x] Query font size with Kate
      Update to body font size

- [x] Alignment queries
  - [x] on quicklinks diff on standard - can we have this same as on alt and 4 col so its easier to build
  - [x] container standardisation alt vs standard vs 4 col
  - [x] tweak consistency eg tel font size standard and alt?

- [x] Query spacings for BP

Actions
Update decision making flowchart for current process and how Kate can add in things already designed / pasted from designs
Could we add in time estimates re : dev time per suggested component? Help with prioritisation. Or time buckets : SM, MD, LG
Speak with Tom B on header designs as blocks to component dev
