# 17-04-23

This week is about :
There are lots of smaller / unfinished bits to wrap up before doing anything else i'd say. Then it would also be good to ship something new and useful as well as the tune ups. Maybe a beta of the form to css vars stuff.
Getting the wessex site wrapped up. Amends etc
Supporting on builds with roll out of BSK-Els
Updating shortlist - inc speak with Callum on this
Cognition finish plan and time estimate as prio
Working bsk-els next round - what does this look like? headers and footers? non-custom els stuff?

## Next Task
- [ ] Cognition finish plan and time estimate as prio

## Tasks
- [ ] Getting the wessex site wrapped up. Amends etc
- [ ] Supporting on builds with roll out of BSK-Els
- [ ] Updating shortlist - inc speak with Callum on this
- [ ] Cognition finish plan and time estimate as prio
- [ ] Working bsk-els next round - what does this look like? headers and footers? non-custom els stuff?


## Notes

### Cognition planning Notes

Goal :
customised BS library with updated util classes that can be used in fe dev work but also enables tech to work easily with pre-established design tokens
style guide ompontents : either base bs els styled and applicable via classes, or built out and provided as static html snippets
components

3 days

vehicle uploader component in all states with js eg drag and drop etc

Login: https://xd.adobe.com/view/be5108fd-08ea-4e7a-bfdf-46338374f45a-eb02/
2FA (no dedicated concept)

half a day

Dashboard: https://xd.adobe.com/view/be5108fd-08ea-4e7a-bfdf-46338374f45a-eb02/screen/2f100e24-186e-4166-b0ce-41835fe4b1d5/ - please note manual step not included in beta. Configure dashboard and trash can be hidden at this stage too.

2 days

Upload stock automated: https://xd.adobe.com/view/be5108fd-08ea-4e7a-bfdf-46338374f45a-eb02/screen/9ae164da-c6d7-43f3-a248-3529496b5752/ - please note no images journey not included as part of initial beta, whilst we need this page styling it will likely be hidden when customers first test the process

2 days

Image selection: https://xd.adobe.com/view/be5108fd-08ea-4e7a-bfdf-46338374f45a-eb02/screen/1441dbce-4591-4ef9-a1aa-8df509ed99d8/ - note tooltip - contents aren't accurate as will say "Chargeable services will apply"

1 day

Image re-order: https://xd.adobe.com/view/be5108fd-08ea-4e7a-bfdf-46338374f45a-eb02/screen/ddd64671-5586-414b-92b0-cf5c8da27275/ - note select all functionality added and create vehicle button will not exist

0.5 day

------
2 weeks
------

## Actions

### BSK-Els
Add in dynamic versions of components to the docs after call with Martin
https://github.com/MBBluesky/wessexvans_co_uk_build/blob/dev/default.aspx



Product :
- finished bs lib with docs on custom spacing utils etc
- style guide components
- designed components
- import map set up for js

2 weeks provisional
Plan to report back after 1 week with progress and better idea of final week - if needed / what can be covered at this point.

### Sprint Review Meeting

Use existing dev links for html to code from
