# 20-03-23

This week is about : getting a finished and robust version 1 of the bluesky elements library out there.
Its better that i do this by focusing on a smaller number of well-tested, high quality elements, than it is a ropey larger set. I want it so that anyone who picks it up can use it with confidence. All of the elements need to have docs and these need to be added in to our vitepress docs site for release.

Some bits of what i have done are probably best trimmed away at this point. Maybe for later pick up. But edit it donw and get everything tight first. Make the workflow as simple and understandable as possible for build devs.

If i have time after, i'd like to build out some of the rest of the components as static html / server side components.

Week Goal :
- Finished v1 of the blueksy elements library ready to use in builds.

Sub tasks :
- [ ] Refactor existing codebase - main task for the week
- [ ] Document existing codebase inc video examples
- [ ] Add Shortlist component + store
- [ ] Training Build Devs - link with build out of elements / transfer existing into the lib.

---

Next task :
- [ ] v0.3 Release notes

---

Day Planner :

- [ ] v0.3 Release notes
- [ ] Shortlist component and store refactored into new custom html elements lib
- [ ] Docs for undocumented components

    - ./cta-section/bsk-cta-section-full-width.html
    - ./cta-section/bsk-cta-section.html
    - ./docs/bsk-docs-text.html
    - ./docs/bsk-docs.example.html
    - ./docs/bsk-repo-home-card.html
    - ./gallery/bsk-gallery.html
    - ./hero/bsk-hero-banner-slide.html
    - ./hero/bsk-hero-banner-slider.html
    - ./hero/bsk-hero-banner-video.html
    - ./misc/bsk-breadcrumb-alt.html
    - ./misc/bsk-breadcrumb-item.html
    - ./misc/bsk-breadcrumb.html
    - ./misc/bsk-read-more.html
    - ./misc/bsk-spotlight.html
    - ./misc/bsk-to-top.html
    - ./offer-cards/bsk-inline-offer-card.html
    - ./offer-cards/bsk-offer-card.html
    - ./search-filters/bsk-clear-filters.html
    - ./spotlights/bsk-simple-spotlight-group.html
    - ./spotlights/bsk-simple-spotlight.html
    - ./used-list/bsk-ucr-grid.html
    - ./used-list/bsk-ucr-list-grid-toggle.html
    - ./vehicle-shared/bsk-vehicle-img-count.html


- [ ] refactoring existing codebase
  - [ ] list out all components and refactoring tasks for each. Add to gh projects board
        What do each need?
        What is the correct prio order?
  - [ ] list out any lib-level refactoring tasks. Add to gh projects board


## Notes

## Release Notes v.02

### New Features

Bug squashing
Gallery Component and Variants
Spotlight components and vairiants inc strip
CTA section full width
Bug squashing