# 08-03-23

## Overall :
Today is about getting components done. So i have a decent release to ship at the end of the week.
What should end of week release look like?
Its the CLI, plus a bunch of new components :  offers, hero banners, breadcrumbs, Part ex
I have meetings today too. Keep these to a min.
Add action to personal kanban.

Find sites that have stuff like the master components
Build out quickly on static site. Even without template logic - just static first.
Then add template logic to a bunch of them
Hero banners
Galleries
Part ex
Opening hours


## Goal : finish 3 x component sets for release Thurs.

## Next task :
- [ ] Part ex

## Tasks :
- [x] Inline offers rwd - maybe css grid to move bits around etc
- [x] Part ex
- [ ] Breadcrumbs

Notes

## Idea for a Way to Approach to the Cognition FE DEV work

Issues :
- Some initial work needed on style guide -> BS variables
- Design and BS / FE set up needs to be flexible so as to accommodate changes as Cognition is built out
- Codebase likely needs to be worked via Visual Studio.

Poss Solution :

Design -> Static HTML -> Razor Pages

- Focus on static html build out of components first
- A focus from design and FE on setting up things like the customised variables and util classes etc so that iteration can be done easily within the design constraints
- These then handed over for integration into the Razor pages / partials

Poss benefits :
- Speed - no set up issues with getting FE set up with Visual Studio
- Separates out work between FE and Tech - no working the codebase / component 'handover'
- Static html will be v easily shareable - either on a dev site or as static html embeds so that these can be interacted with / and discussed prior to integration
