# 23-03-23

Today is about getting the component refactor finished ready for PR.
Its about getting the docs into the correct format for PR.
Its about doing this while i have the trauniugn an meetings.

Prio the refactor stuff first.
Then training, then Kate convo, then Dave, then tidy up for PRs EOD.

Next task :
- [ ] refactor

Tasks :
- [ ] refactor
- [ ] docs
- [ ] training
- [ ] Kate
- [ ] Dave
- [ ] tidy up

## Notes

### Feedback
Naming conventions - when on builds and creating.
These need to follow pattern.
Common attributes should be named - suggested attributes name list as part of docs.
Prefered names.

### BSK-Els Training Prep :
Building out a styles-focused and dyanamic data (cms or cog) element. And a logic-focused element / widget.

Dynamic data component ideas :
- Spotlight component - eg for use with pagefolder's sub-pages etc.
- Find us page - list component

Widgets :
- Part ex - logic for form
- Auto disable button after click
    https://www.thecarwarehouse.com/stock-alerts/
    https://app.clickup.com/t/862jac2tp
- Back to top widget

Other possibilities :
- Social icon widget
- RM from shortlist button

## Meeting With Dave
PageLoader file updates - brief dynamicPath and server execute
Not session but context - brief out the larger object we could make


For Tom
Hey dude, quick update on where we're at :)
Training with Sam and Martin done this am. Couple good things ciome form that, both keen to use as soon as poss which was really nice outcome!
Meeting with Dave on session object and other time-savers done. Dave asked i add 2 briefs i'll add in for tech work.
bluesky-elements docs written, code refactored. Just need to check with you how you want to go in terms of straight PR into boilerplate or test run on wessex for me to do checks on a real build before BP / docs PR and release.
