# 29-03-23

Today is about :
Getting most of the basic outline in for most of the pages (in static at least). That should be mostly there now. Just a few additions on ucd maybe - but not much.
After that, it should be about prio'ing the actual tasks for the week :
- home page actual refinined
- master cms page
- and the bs variables and assets set up properly.

## Next task :
  - [ ] BS variables

## Tasks :
- [x] finish rough components
  - [x] UCD contact strip
- [ ] BS variables
  - [ ] spacer updated in codebase
        // spacer 4 needs to be spacer 5
        // spacer 5 needs to be spacer 7
- [ ] Assets set up properly
  - [ ] Fonts
  - [ ] Images exported and uploaded to media folder
- [ ] home page components refinined
- [ ] master cms page

##Notes
Scripting design to bs variables definitley possible. At least making my version of the xd file first from the design vars should be doable. Get Kate and Rach to input into form and then can script from there.

Most useful styleguide stuff
all 3 border radii (sm, normal, lg)
box shadows normal and sm
all 3 line heights (sm, normal, lg)
which is the base spacer for calcs outside of spacer utils - eg spacer is used in otehr places (and divisions / multipliers of it)
spacers - go smaller than the 10px as teh smallest step in teh design - we need these down to 2.5px or smilar to get close to bs spacers

BS vars

TYpe
Body - open sans
Area Normal

Spacing
8 steps
10px
16px
20px
30px
40px
60px
80px
120px

border-radius 5px



## Notes from meeting with Kate

### Actions for Alex
./hero/bsk-video-banner.html
- flag aspect ratio query with fe team

./misc/bsk-breadcrumb-alt.html
./misc/bsk-breadcrumb-item.html
./misc/bsk-breadcrumb.html
- match namings eg --slashes variant
- svg not font glyph for divider variant

./spotlights/bsk-simple-spotlight-group.html
./spotlights/bsk-simple-spotlight.html
- Rename to feature-points

./used-list/bsk-ucr-list-grid-toggle.html
- renaming bsk-grid-list-toggle

./vehicle-shared/bsk-vehicle-img-count.html
- docs for diff to used list?

### Actions for Kate
./shortlist/bsk-shortlist-global-heart.html
./shortlist/bsk-shortlist-local-heart.html
- component designs for above
- Namings to do together on these after


./used-list/bsk-ucr-list-grid-toggle.html
- renaming bsk-grid-list-toggle



extra
./misc/bsk-read-more.html
./misc/bsk-spotlight.html
./misc/bsk-to-top.html
./search-filters/bsk-clear-filters.html
./shortlist/bsk-shortlist-no-vehicles.html
./shortlist/bsk-shortlist-vehicles.html