# 13-03-23

Goal notes :
Today is about completing the v.02 release with notes. That means - a push to main branch of all the latest and notes to share on the bsk channel.
I need to get the web scarping brief to Tom today, and get in touch with Hannah as well re: SEO side.
Beyond these smaller things, i need to give a strong focus to the next component batch. I have a few things left on current one which need doing also - like video on slider banner.
I can make good use form this point on of taking styles from exisiting components on recent builds, and then refactoring.
Bang out small things first tnen concentrate on components.

Tasks :
- [x] release notes for v.02
- [x] web scraping brief draft to Tom and Tony
- [x] contact Hannah re: SEO

- [ ] Component work - styles / static, then component logic
  - [ ] video slide
  - [ ] ucd galleries and variants
  - [ ] why choose us spots

- [ ] Prep for demo at meeting
  - [ ] Write up notes first
  - [ ] Put demo together on static site or ar-test
  - [ ] Codesandbox demo?

- [ ] push from ar-test and bring into main


Notes :

### Call with Kate

- Spacings not matching the designs.
  - discussed poss web form -> script -> bs / css variables
  - setting up BP spacings to 10 step? Larger set of variables?

- Hero banners and Header-navs call plan
  - List variations / designs we use regularly e.g 1 x l, 3 x r (https://www.gravells.co.uk/, https://www.sinclairaudi.co.uk/)
  - Rev Kate's designs together. List variations / designs we use regularly

Actions :
  - [ ] Sort out svg in breadcrumbs - angle right as default from FA set
  - [ ] Query hero banner video with FE team
  - [ ] renaming hero banner slider to : carousel-banner carousel-banner--no-text
  - [ ] rename bsk-hero-banner-video.html video-banner



Demo Notes

Overview

What is it?
Why is it?
Benefits

Components Demo

used list
vehicle card sub-components
switching out variants

grid component
transitions

