# 06-03-23

## Day Planner

### Goal :
Today is about cleaning up stuff a bit, and clarifying the next steps of the base class project. Some things i need to do are :


- [ ] Meet with Tom B @10.30am
    - [ ] Click up task related tasks
        - https://app.clickup.com/t/31b4xve
        - https://app.clickup.com/t/31b58g8

    - [ ] Discuss BSK next steps from here
      - inc Lauren C Cognition styles?

- [ ] Base Class Stuff
  - [ ] Get the updated styles etc that are currently on AR test into BSK Els.
  - [ ] Sort the git push and pull to BSK Els repo and back to BP / AR Test. Have this locked down
      - [ ] Push
      - [ ] Pull

  - [ ] Clean up the on reload event that should be global but is on card sub-component.
  - [ ] Finish offers component
  - [ ] Set all up for BP?


- Other
 - [ ] 1.  Speak with other build devs + feedback
    - [ ] Cal
    - [ ] Oli
    - [ ] Matt
    - [ ] Feedback in writing to group the proposal (add as wiki)

- [ ] 2. Speak with Lauren C after Tom B


--

## Notes

<hr>


### Call with Cal

Thinks Jame's approach was to empahsise.
Not using the calculations inside variables as they currently stand.
Updates the font sizes etc in the variables based on the concept.
Having some type of scale is important.
Will update spacings, font sizes, etc in the variables to match concept.
Don't need to sit with existing calculations - can update rsther than need to stick.


Principles :
the variables are flexible and can be updated to match the concept.
Devs, focus on BS variables file as a key of the build process to  reduce need for overrides and custome styles - speeds up build.


#### Concerns


Inconsistency in containers
Typeface - still using the default (eg open sans) in places instead of the brand typeface choices.
Font sizes :

<hr>


### Call with Oli

Using the style guide with the sizes and spaces that are added in by ui/ux designer
Not set in the headings variables. Overriding the variables.

Okay to work with flexibilty at deisgn side then we update at dev stage.
Style guide very helpful - colours, sizes, spacing.


#### Concerns


Tablet and laptop screen sizing - tricky to work with to the concept.
RWD -

###




## Call with Tom B

Update on des / dev handover and style guide

Tom B off for the rest of the week.

Components :
- switches may be needed for new cog platform
- focus on the component list as main work area
- docs as super important focus - get these into the blueksy docs

Lauren Call
Purpose : FE more involved in the discussions around work on the Cognition.
Get more involved in Cognition work - poss couple of catch ups 2 times a week
Structure to be decided

Issue :
Work relating to new cognition
Concept done but unclear if BE needs may lead to changes in this
FE Dev team have been brough in at later stage previoudly on some projects - keen for FE to be involved earlier on.


Goal :
Have FE Dev input on the work at earlier stage in process
Likley mainly design + css / styles focus
Likely MVC with tech focus

Steps for this :
Get involved in some of the daily standups
Go to sprint planing meetings
Rep for FE Dev side
Rebuild of the Cognition System
Kate has done design for this

Tom B + Me Standups
- A weekly catch up with Tom B
- Keep sending msgs and screen grabs etc as things are notable

Web Scarping
Need to create a brief for web scrpaing from xd as json
values and format - what is needed - how do we need these for BS?
Break down

Work on brief today and share with

## Actions :
Contact Lauren on above and arrange standups
A weekly catch up with Tom B
