Okay, so its the last full day on this. The focus is purely on quality. No more new stuff - except adding in that bsk to base layout. That's literally it.

Then, go through and : 
tidy ups first 
refactors second
code review key files / classes next
only then look at renamings and adding other methods etc

Anything else will have to wait. 
The only major outstanding thing is the getting the other new cars. But that will have to wait.

---
## Bugs 

orderByNumber - doesn't work with price beyond the first digit eg 7,500 and 5,500 will work but 7,500 and 7,400 won't work. 

Images on cards - still erroring. Why? Should fallback to working.


## Quality General

### Store 
X Needs splitting up into modules 

%% Dispatch Stores + Workers 
Move to their own folder? Co-locate store and worker together. Makes more sense i think.  %%

X create missing workers
X Sort workers build script

X Directives - need filenames sorting etc 

X static observedAttributes = ['vid']; this needs removing and testing after 
## Renamings

X dataSource - don't like this. Should be more descriptive but still short.


## Component Clean Ups

Pages
Features
Components

All cleaned up properly

## Missing Stuff 
missing data endpoints

banners: CMS.banners,
careers: CMS.careers,
newBikes: CMS.newBikes,
newCars: CMS.newCars,
newMotorhomes: CMS.newMotorhomes,
newTrucks: CMS.newTrucks,
newVans: CMS.newVans,
news: CMS.news,
offers: CMS.offers,
pages: CMS.pages,
pageFolders: CMS.pageFolders,
testimonials: CMS.testimonials,

// COG
stock: COG.stock,
dealers: COG.dealers,

missing dispatch store set ups and related workers 

## DispatchStore
DispatchStore - method namings eg setFilters() should this be setdata() filterData() ? 

## Code Reviews
Go through core files and get code reviews

## API
Get API stuff working out of the box with local dev env as a normal site


## Linting + Formating :

Prettier and linter working with Astro as the rest of the code
Run linter and clear down errs etc
Astro linting - linting in Astro files 
