Sprint 2 Planning


Overall Aim: 
At the end of the sprint we have all templating, styles, and js organised and set up with a 'happy path' for each + documentation.

We will know how we will handle Front End.
We will have a plan, and the tools, in place for FE team to use the codebase.

FE New World : Sprint 2

Over-arching Aim for Sprint 2
- All building blocks in place for the 'front of the front' of the new codebase,  with a 'happy path' for each part of the front end that will be touched by build devs. Existing CSS design system values, and tooling for pulling in UX/UI team's Bootstrap variables should work fully with new codebase.
  
Objectives: 

High Level  
- We will be clear on where BSK is used and where Vue is used, with documented roles.
- All the specifics of using component model will be ironed out, with patterns and code production ready, and with (initial) documentation. 

CSS
- Bootstrap properly set up bringing in our existing scss modules, inc cms styles
- Refactor of these global styles - minimising global css bundle
- Integrate all existing scripts to pull in design tokens from form data

JS Framework / JS Lib
- BSK 2.0 fully integrated using npm for package management
- BSK global state solution improved for use in Astro
- v-reactive custom directive created 
- prepareReactive helper pattern for converting build time data into reactive client side data
  
Refactoring
- Everything done so far is production ready and tested as much as is feasible at this stage.

We will know how we will handle Front End.
We will have a plan, and the tools, in place for FE team to use the codebase.

We should be able to 

Able to fetch, edit, persist, and make use of data from interim endpoints. We should be able to trigger these steps manually, and via schedules and POST requests.


Over-arching Aim for Sprint 1Production ready 'back of the front' for new codebase: Able to fetch, edit, persist, and make use of data from interim endpoints. We should be able to trigger these steps manually, and via schedules and POST requests.
