## FE Review - Print Details Prep

### review of briefs / issue : 
briefs for new print details / silent salesman designs inc landscape
been looking at client side options: 
- bsk and print js dep
- workflow 
- css reset / micro framework
tech have since come back and said its not something they 


#### bsk and print dep
quick demo and link
https://printjs.crabbly.com/
#### workflow
landscape settings in dev tools device emulation
set based on pdf size calc to 96 dpi 

#### css reset
css vars 
scope to add a few util classes to simplfy grid, spacings, font sizes, etc
or we could just do the reset



demo pages
http://localhost:8080/used-car-details/used-citroen-ds3-12-vti-dsign-by-benefit-hatch-hatchback-red-manual-petrol/id-4449720099066220260/
workflow
http://localhost:8080/inc/print-pages/ucd.aspx?id=10247

next steps if agreed: 
- from draft to working bsk
- reset / micro framework
- testing in prod on one ort two sites first
- roll out to bp



---
### msg text

---
We had two jobs in for quoting that were  brought to FE Review. Both relate to creating landscape orientation print details pages with very different designs from what we currently have. In FE we have had difficulties making significant styling changes to the current print details pages, and its led to us essentially sticking to / very close to the current boilerplate version in most cases. Off the back of that, i've been looking at what options we have to make writing styles for print  details / PDF a bit easier.I experimented with a client side solution using a small client side lib [https://github.com/crabbly/Print.js/](https://github.com/crabbly/Print.js/)  with a new bsk component that abstracts away the code needed to handle printing a template page. 

The component exposes a couple of options set via attributes on the custom element inc:  
- the relative url of the print details template page  
- the relative url of the print details stylesheet  
- the selector to use for targeting which bit of the document you want to print (`html`, `#main`, `.print-section`, etc)From the Dev who works a print details task, the set up is essentially the same as now: a print details page with its own print stylesheet that can be spun up and worked locally.But the main benefits are:  
- Its much easier to write styles that are consistent between dev tools device emulation (emulating a PDF in this case) and the final output.  
- That means we can use create more interesting and modern designs for print details pages.  
- Its much quicker to work any of these jobs that come in.  
- FE can better understand the print dependency's API, and this opens up new options for us  
- We can do stuff with the fetched print details document before its passed as a html string to the print lib. This opens up a lot of options for querying / adding  to / editing that returned print details page(s).Main trade-offs i can see are :  
- We open a print dialog on click rather than open in the WinnovativePdfConverter PDF viewer. This is actually one if the things that makes styling easier i think but might not meet your needs if you want that viewer ahead of printing, i'm not sure?  
- Its a new dependency so we need to do some more testing before we move to production.But moving print details client side does feel like it gives us quite a few benefits and because we have a better understanding of the print lib API in FE, i think we might be able to offer some new functionality along with better templates / a better workflow for styling print details templates.