Second Week of Sprint 2. 

The HTMX data fetching approach as a way to handle dynamic content updates and filtering has a real hold on my mind right now. Its such an interesting pattern. 
But it doesn't relate to the work i have planned for this sprint...
True. But it has (potentially) answered a really crucial question about how we work with dynamic content in the context of a static site - and does so in a way that keeps complexity cost v low (compared with dropping into full Vue / SPA patterns).

One big issue that remains though is how to handle fast moving data. I'm not sure that fits in this model very well...
Maybe that is the boundary: slow moving data sources - we always default to creating pre-built assets. This moves the complexity to a knowable controllable step (the build step), and reduces complexity client side. So, we build partials for these cases.
fast moving data will need a different approach: here we need data at the point of runtime. That is is part of the brief for this work.


I need to finish the sprint stuff and get that all nailed down. That is prio. But i feel like i need to land the plane a bit on the dynamic stuff. 

Fast moving data - its not html, so it would be a 'data' endpoint.
So that needs consuming on the client.
It gets complex if we have to consume data endpoints along with partials to create the working functionality. Thats not a good pattern i don't think. It should be one or the other.
Given how simple it is to load data into Astro with the data load API. Can we not use that same API? Those same classes

One option i am thinking about is, can we use one vehicle card for example, but we use vue directives on it and update the content. The we still only have one component but it can be used server side and client side? - It just gets wrapped in a bsk tag. 
Are we going away from the islands? Yes. But if its simpler it might be worth it - eg we can keep the cards as Astro - with bsk sprinkles - same toolls everywhere?

What do i need to test here?
Compare loading all the vehicle data as json.
And doing all the card gen on the client.
And doing the filter gen on the client too.


---

Catch Up with Barbs

- All building blocks in place for the 'front of the front' of the new codebase,  with a 'happy path' for each part of the front end that will be touched by FE devs.
- Existing CSS design system values, and tooling for pulling in UX/UI team's Bootstrap variables should work fully with new codebase.

Objectives:
High Level 
- We will be clear on where BSK is used and where Vue is used, with documented roles.
- All the specifics of using component model will be ironed out, with patterns and code production ready, and with (initial) documentation.

CSS
- Bootstrap properly set up bringing in our existing scss modules, inc cms styles
- Integrate all existing scripts to pull in design tokens from form data
- Refactor of global styles - minimising global css bundle

JS Framework / JS Lib
- BSK 2.0 fully integrated using npm for package management
- BSK global state solution improved for use in Astro
- Additional BSK custom directives created
- Pattern established for converting build time data into reactive client side data

Refactoring
- Everything done so far is production ready and tested as much as is feasible at this stage.


Happy Path: 
Folder structure
Component structures and systems
Simple components
BSK progress

-----

