## What do i need to get done today? 

I need to get the data load stuff prod ready. Thats my big outstanding code related task.
Sorting out the HTMX vs Petite stuff is a good thing to get nailed down before the end of the sprint. 

HTMX vs BSK / HTML vs JSON endpoints.

HTMX offers lots of promise. The simplicuty of the API is great. But the lack of any server means all the logic has to run on the client - and that means its pretty hampered in terms of power (unless i add additional FE scripting for filtering the data retuned). For this reason, if i have to choose just one type of data to return its JSON. Shame in a way.

I have to have JSON endpoints (or hacky FE filtering of the HTML etc).
HTML endpoints are a nice to have comparatively.
But the HTMX api is so simple it could open up really interesting opps for app-like UX but with minimal complexity overhead. BSK, for all its good for, will still be a higher difficulty compared to that. And beyond that, the perf of just loading pre-rendered HTML partials is very compelling as well.

Probably best to think in terms of problems, and core functions, and what serves these needs, ahead of 'compelling opportunities' etc.

What we need for a v1.0 is simple, high quality, well documented code, that performs the functions of the current codebase (with the built in beneifts to DX and perf etc). Then we can look at what we want to do on top of that... Perhaps there is anotehr way to go that will allow us to intergrate the HTML partials but within one API eg 

offers.getPartial()
offers.getItems()

That would be a really nice alternative.
The API could still be based on passing an object to filter results.
Not as full featured as HTMX though.

I need to compare the perf of loading 6000 vehicles are JSON. What is that actually like to parse and render?

The other thing to consider here is that the bigger plan is for the static sites to interact with APIs - for them to be essentially JAMstack sites. 

---
what does it look like to bring the data load api over to the FE? 

