I am getting v far but i have important stuff to finish off before the end of this second sprint.
I need to get the BE data load stuff refactored. Its like a day of work - or i could fit it to a day anyway. That leaves a day for FE service and global store stuff with a good example. ANd then one day for tidy ups, report write ups, early docs, and pres demos all sorted.

Today: 
- Global state and data load service web worker
- Just those 2 things to finish front of the front work completely
Is that all? Yeah pretty much. That is good to go then i'd say.

Global State:
- Pull out components to check global state works with all.


Then move that same pattern to careers / news or something to test with another data source

Tomorrow:
The back of the front refactoring. 
Can i fit it to a day? Yeah im pretty sure i can tbh. Maybe without sorting the new cars data load. That might need extra time i'm not sure.
But everything else i should be able to refactor in a day i think. At least it will be signifcantly improved and ready for a v1.0.

Fri:
Just small tidy ups: merge all the work into main, tidy up branches, etc.
report write ups,
and pres demos
early docs? This might need to be sprint 3 tbh.


---

you can pass hardcoded data everywhere
you can pass dynamic data everywhere
you cannot pass reactive data.

but you can add additional data at any point down the leaf nodes.
you can do this with the v-scope directive.
you also have global store, COG, CMS, data available to all components - passed to each component registration in the createApp function
these give access to the data managed by the web worker service.

You can still use isolated and repeated component instances just with bsk and petite.
you think of every page of tye MPA as being a little app basically: 
but its very much in the ultra-lightweight area

v-for 
once you hit v-for, you cannot pass reactive data to another bsk component
if you need to go lower down than this in terms of granularity consider using Vue with Astro client islands
you can: 
use the v-scope directive to add more data scoped from that point down in the tree
access and use the global store
use full vue from that point down - if you need more fine-grained control of you components and pasing reactive data, use full Vue

Actually, because these are globals you can access them from anywhere in the app. Even outside of bsk and petite.
No, they not on the window object, they are passed to each component registration in the createApp function call. 
