# 🌍FE New World : Sprint 1

## 🎯Over-arching Aim for Sprint 1
Production ready 'back of the front' for new codebase: Able to fetch, edit, persist, and make use of data from interim endpoints. We should be able to trigger these steps manually, and via schedules and POST requests.

## ✅ 3 Objectives: 

1. JSON returning interim endpoints - finished.
2. Scripted data fetching, editing, and storing as local content store - finished.
3. Data loading into Astro templates with core (Astro-level) API design in place - finished

## 📋 Deliverables

1. BP JSON - finished.
	- All 'endpoints' needed completed in full and returning data in a coherent structure.
	- Any gaps identified eg for future Tech work we might need etc. 
2. Data Fetching to Local Static Files - finished.
	- All endpoint data can be fetched from endpoints - on script run.
	- All data can be correctly translated into format needed for content store - on script run
	- All edited data (JSON) stored locally - as flat file content store / db  - on script run
	- GitHub Actions workflows set up to trigger these script runs on POST.
	- Additional GitHub Actions workflows set up to send the POST req eg on schedule or workflow dispatch (to mimic any future Tech webhook), etc
3. Data loading into Astro templates - finished
	- All data from local content store can be loaded in to the components 
	- We have a consistent consistent and simple API for data loading from our content store into components
	- * Demos to show of pulling this data in and showing on the front end

## 📝 Notes

- I've set stretch goals for Sprint 1. Not sure if i am being a bit ambitious. But i'll let you know how we go.
- I've scoped 'done' as being production ready code in the areas above, with some initial docs. But i think its going to be good to look at some additional time down the line specifically to extend those and make them as accessible as poss.
- * *These will be bare-bones form a UI POV as the focus for Sprint 1 is data fetching, editing, persistence, and api design over UI or template work